ToDo.md, before:

# Sampling

1. Materials to collect
1. "Traits" for morphological character matrix
1. Define individuals to sample

# Environments

1. Morphotype and Genotype association to environment (Water table, DEM and derivates)(GbS genotypes)
1. Proxy of water table map with DEM

# Genetic

1. Exclude individuals with conflictive gene pool assignment (<-comparison of different genetic marker analyses)

# Functional

# Growth

1. Growth models Go (ontogeny only)
1. Genetic effect on growth

# Others

1. Writting master 2 subject on *Symphonia* functional traits intracomplex variability
1. CEBA/ATT fundings
1. Concept document and scheme

# In waiting

- Amazomics link (number, individuals) *@Niklas*
- Flag link (number, individual) *@Niklas*
- Paracou gaps map of 1992 (both control and treatments) *@Aurélie*
- Regional genetic structure in French Guiana (AFLPs) - to decide if sampling will be done in Paracou, all plots, or in Paracou + one or more Guyafor sites *@Caroline*
- Comparison of Structure assignement proportions based on GbS, CROPS, SSRs to identify conflictive assignments *@Myriam*

# Questions

*To think of but not always meant to be explored.*

- Flowers ? (collect any flower remainsalong with GPS coordinates, or note nearby individuals, for possible SSR genotyping, so as to enable matching flower size with mother tree (for morpho character matrix)
- Winners and loosers (dbh > 10) ? (Compare "young" vs. "old" cohorts for allele frequency differences: we can assume that selection is strongest at the early life stages, from plant establishment to sapling. Thus, individual with the largest dbh have undergone selection during their establishment at pre-industrial times, whereas the ones with the smallest dbh have undergone recent selection, in the last 30 years or so. This is not strictly winner vs. loosers, but establishment in pre-industrial vs. industrial times, where a climate change effect should already be noticeable).
- Water and/or light ?
- Mortality ?

Commit message:

PhD 0.1.9008 Morphotype and Genotype association to environment Water table depth

ToDo.md, after:

# Sampling

1. Materials to collect
1. "Traits" for morphological character matrix
1. Define individuals to sample
1. Rope and weights command for bigshot

# Environments

1. Morphotype and Genotype association to environment (DEM and derivates)(GbS genotypes)
1. Proxy of water table map with DEM

# Genetic

1. Exclude individuals with conflictive gene pool assignment (<-comparison of different genetic marker analyses)

# Functional

# Growth

1. Growth models Go (ontogeny only)
1. Genetic effect on growth

# Others

1. Writting master 2 subject on *Symphonia* functional traits intracomplex variability
1. CEBA/ATT fundings
1. Concept document and scheme

# In waiting

- Amazomics link (number, individuals) *@Niklas*
- Flag link (number, individual) *@Niklas*
- Paracou gaps map of 1992 (both control and treatments) *@Aurélie*
- Regional genetic structure in French Guiana (AFLPs) - to decide if sampling will be done in Paracou, all plots, or in Paracou + one or more Guyafor sites *@Caroline*
- Comparison of Structure assignement proportions based on GbS, CROPS, SSRs to identify conflictive assignments *@Myriam*

# Questions

*To think of but not always meant to be explored.*

- Flowers ? (collect any flower remainsalong with GPS coordinates, or note nearby individuals, for possible SSR genotyping, so as to enable matching flower size with mother tree (for morpho character matrix)
- Winners and loosers (dbh > 10) ? (Compare "young" vs. "old" cohorts for allele frequency differences: we can assume that selection is strongest at the early life stages, from plant establishment to sapling. Thus, individual with the largest dbh have undergone selection during their establishment at pre-industrial times, whereas the ones with the smallest dbh have undergone recent selection, in the last 30 years or so. This is not strictly winner vs. loosers, but establishment in pre-industrial vs. industrial times, where a climate change effect should already be noticeable).
- Water and/or light ?
- Mortality ?
